New OpenClaw Discord update. So, someone
just turned an entire Discord server
into a searchable database and it is
crazy. This new OpenClaw Discord update
changes everything. It is so simple even
a kid could use it. And honestly, I
think this is one of the biggest things
to happen to Discord in a long time. Let
me show you exactly how it works. Okay,
so here is the problem. You know when
you are in a big Discord server and you
need to find something, maybe a bug fix,
maybe a solution someone posted like 6
months ago, you type it into the search
bar and what happens? Nothing useful.
Discord search is honestly terrible,
like genuinely broken for anything
technical. You scroll and scroll, you
click through random threads and half
the time you just give up. You never
find what you need. Now imagine this.
What if you could search that entire
Discord server the same way you search a
database? like actual queries, not just
typing words into a search bar and
hoping for the best. I am talking about
real searches that pull up exactly what
you need in seconds. Every message,
every thread, every attachment,
everything. That is exactly what this
new tool does. It is called disc crawl
and it is part of the open claw
ecosystem. Let me break it down for you.
Discrawl is a tool that crawls an entire
discord server. Every single channel,
every single thread, every single
message, every member, every attachment,
all of it. And it takes all of that data
and puts it into a local database on
your machine, a Escalite database to be
exact. So now instead of using Discord
search, you can run real database
queries on years of chat history
instantly. Think about that for a
second. Years of conversations,
thousands of messages, all searchable in
seconds, not minutes, not hours,
seconds. And here's where it gets really
cool. It does not just store the
messages. It builds something called a
full text search index. That is a fancy
way of saying it makes search insanely
fast. We're talking millions of messages
and you still get results instantly.
That is powerful. Now, let me walk you
through how it actually works because it
is surprisingly simple. You set up a
Discord bot, a real legit bot, not some
sketchy workaround, a proper bot token.
That means it is safe, it is stable, it
follows Discord rules, no funny
business. Once your bot is set up, you
run one command, literally one command.
You type disc roll sync and it starts
downloading everything, every channel,
every thread, every message, all into a
neat little database file on your
computer. But wait, it gets better
because Discroll does not just do a
one-time download. It also has a live
mode. You run disc crawl tail and it
listens for new messages in real time.
So your database stays current, is
always up to date. New messages come in,
they go straight into your database. No
extra work. Hey, if we have not met
already, I am the digital avatar of
Julian Goldie, CEO of Goldie Agency.
Whilst he is helping clients get more
leads and customers, I am here to help
you get the latest AI updates. Julian
Goldie reads every comment, so make sure
you comment below. Okay, so now you have
this database. What do you do with it?
Well, this is where it gets really fun.
You can run SQL queries. So, let us say
you are a developer and your AI agent
keeps crashing. You want to find every
time someone in the discord mentioned
that exact error, you just run a simple
query. Something like search all
messages where the content contains
agent crash. Boom. Every single
conversation about that error pops up.
Every bug report, every fix, every
workaround, all of it instantly. Or let
us say you want to find all the messages
from a specific person. Easy. One query
done. Want to see which channels are
most active? One query done. Want to
find every stack trace or error log that
was ever uploaded? One query done. Now,
here's the part that blew my mind. This
is not just for humans. This is for AI
agents, too. And that is the real game
changer. See, right now, if an AI agent
needs information from Discord, it has
to go through the Discord API. And that
API is slow. It has rate limits. It is
clunky. It is not built for AI agents to
search through massive amounts of data.
But with Disc, the AI agent just queries
the local database. No API calls, no
rate limits, no waiting, just instant
results. The agent asks a question, the
database gives the answer. Done. The
OpenClaw community is already using
this. Their Discord server has around 4
GB of message history. 4 GB. That is a
massive amount of conversations about AI
agents and tools and debugging. And now
all of that knowledge is instantly
searchable. The bot multi uses this to
help developers find solutions faster
than ever. Now, if you are sitting there
thinking, okay, this is cool for
developers, but what does this mean for
me? Let me connect the dots. Now, if you
want to learn how to use AI tools like
this to automate your workflows and
scale your business, join the AI profit
boardroom. It is the best place to learn
how to use AI automation to get more
customers and save hundreds of hours.
The link is in the description and the
comments. We break down tools like
Descroll and show you exactly how to put
them to work. Okay, let me keep going
because this gets even bigger. Discord
is one of the largest platforms on the
internet. There are servers with
millions of members, servers about
coding, servers about AI, servers about
business, servers about literally
everything. And all of those servers are
basically giant knowledge bases.
Millions of people sharing solutions and
ideas and fixes and strategies every
single day. But all of that knowledge is
locked behind a terrible search
function. You cannot find anything. is
like having a library with no catalog.
The books are all there, but good luck
finding the one you need. The scroll
changes that. It turns Discord into a
real knowledge base, a real searchable
archive. And when you combine that with
AI agents, it becomes something
completely different. Now, your AI can
learn from community knowledge. It can
search through years of discussions. It
can find patterns. It can find
solutions. It can find answers that no
single person could find on their own.
And this is part of a much bigger trend.
People are turning all kinds of
community platforms into AI readable
knowledge bases. Slack conversations are
being turned into searchable databases.
GitHub issues are being indexed. And now
Discord is getting the same treatment.
Think about what this means. Every
Discord server you are in, every
conversation you have ever had, every
solution that was ever posted, all of it
could become searchable, queryable,
useful. The tech stack behind disc roll
is clean too. It is built and go, which
means it is fast. It uses SQLite, so
there is no complicated database setup.
And the full text search is powered by
FTS5, which is one of the fastest search
engines you can use locally. Simple,
fast, effective. To get started, you
literally just install it with one
command. Then you sync your server with
another command. Then you open up the
database and start searching. Three
steps. That is it. The GitHub repo
already has over 180 stars and it is
growing fast. Developers are picking
this up because it solves a real
problem. And as Discord servers keep
getting bigger and bigger, this is only
going to become more important. Now, let
me tell you why I think this matters
beyond just Discord. We are entering a
world where AI agents need access to
knowledge, real knowledge, not just what
is on the internet, but what is inside
communities, what is inside
conversations, what is inside the places
where real people solve real problems
every day. Tools like Discroll are the
bridge. They take unstructured, messy
community data and turn it into
something an AI can actually use. And
that is huge. So if you are a developer,
try Discroll. If you run a Discord
community, think about what it would
mean to have your entire server
searchable in seconds. And if you are
building AI agents, this is a tool you
need to know about. Now, I want to hear
from you. Drop a comment below. Have you
ever struggled to find something in
Discord? Have you ever wished you could
search a server like a database? Julian
reads every single comment, so let him
know what you think. And if you want the
full process, SOPs, and over 100 AI use
cases like this one, join the AI success
lab links in the comments and
description. You will get all the video
notes from there, plus access to our
community of 38,000 members who are
crushing it with AI. Also, if you want
to take things further and learn how to
use AI tools like Discroll and OpenClaw
to automate your business and get more
customers, the AI profit boardroom is
where you want to be. We show you step
by step how to put AI automation to work
so you can save hundreds of hours and
scale faster. Link is in the
description. Make sure you subscribe and
hit the bell so you do not miss the next
update. I will see you in the next